EMPIRE 1:1... Born was a child of great ambition, heiress to an empire she would spread across the world.
EMPIRE 1:3... The Empire of Zizo the Immortal would never be graced by the setting sun, for it stretched across all known places.
EMPIRE 3:7... Yet the Immortal Empire was not enough for the empress, who looked toward the heavens as her next great ambition.
EMPIRE 3:8... Enough is never enough, ambition is the one true virtue of this world.
EMPIRE 4:1... In the great libraries of her empire, she pored over the tomes of nokromant, and in her infinite wisdom she birthed the sacred, divine art of NECROMANCY. And with it, a scheme unmatched.
EMPIRE 5:7... In each of the great cities of the Immortal Empire, an unknowing transaction was made all at once - they were sacrificed and their lives fed the empress, and hundreds of millions of citizens became the first deadites of this world. And among these, a few dozen anomalies became the first vampires.
AVANTYNE 1:7... Her armies of ravenous dead poured out of the cities and into the countryside, and then still hungering into the neighboring kingdoms. Yet their flesh was weak, and so she poured her power into alloy distributed among her chosen generals - avantyne, a peerless alloy which now armored her legions.
AVANTYNE 4:12... Those settlements and nations that resisted her advance cried of her INHUMEN actions against mortal life, but AMBITION without limit does not know cries for mercy as anything more than a hasty barricade against those destined for glory.
AVANTYNE 9:2... The undead legions of Zizo the Immortal marched across the world and made silent her enemies, chaining those who lived to serve her AMBITION and none else, cutting down those who resisted to grow her garrisons in the many thousands.
AVANTYNE 11:4... Great battle was made until the Immortal faced the Allfather in a final martial contest, and together clashed her many collected souls against the power of the creator's will - down fell Zizo the Immortal, chained to the underworld by Necra as her keeper, but the voice of the Allfather was now silent to all.
ZIZO 1:2... Yet even jailed by the archangels of the creator now vanished, her ambition was still endless, for one is never defeated so long as they never cease their struggle for yet more than what they have.
ZIZO 1:4... From the deepest pits of the underworld comes the whispers of AMBITION, which feeds mortal desire to better oneself and meet ever greater challenge.
ZIZO 3:2... ZIZO ZIZO, great is your hunger! ZIZO ZIZO, great is what you promise us as your faithful! May we serve as tools of your AMBITION, and see it realized to our magnificent reward!
ZIZO 7:6... From the spurned mages come the Nekromantic Cabal, AMBITION for knowledge the weak-minded would call forbidden, for they lack the strength of will to see it through. To the conquerer denied come the Dark Warband, who through AMBITION seek not mindless violence but total control. And to the aristocrat without title come the Shadowhand, who through AMBITION whisper to the ears of their betters, and use their lieges as tools of destiny.
ZIZO 11:12... Through the Lady of Ambition we see that this world is ours to claim, that there is no division between divinity and mortality but great effort and the shedding of flimsy morality.
ZIZO 13:15... May we destroy those who would hold us back, may we gather all that belongs to us, and use it as we see fit. May we take and feast and know that all which is above and below this world belongs to us, for death is but an obstacle easily surpassed.
ZIZO 14:12... This world will be destroyed and reshaped into something anew, imagination is our only limit as mortality and the rules of creation are but clay in the hands of those without self-imposed lines in the sand not to be crossed. Weakness is a choice made by those without proper vision and personal will.
ESCHATON 1:3... The end of this world comes, a stillborn thing that must be put to rest, may we bury this rotting planet in the silent cosmos and see the new world where we shall rule! Through your conquest there will be total control over all things, past and future.
ESCHATON 4:6... ZIZO! ZIZO! ZIZO!
